feat: add `backup` command to the `cnpg` plugin (#1348)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/cnpg-plugin.md

Refer to the [Benchmarking fio section](benchmarking.md#fio) for more details.

> ### Requesting a new backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Requesting a new base backup
```

> The `kubectl cnpg backup` request a new backup for an existing CloudNativePG
> cluster by creating a Backup resource.
> 
> The following command will request a backup for a given cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kubectl cnpg backup` command requests a new physical base backup for
an existing Postgres cluster by creating a new `Backup` resource.

The following example requests an on-demand backup for a given cluster:
```

```shell
kubectl cnpg backup [cluster_name]
```

The created backup will be named after the request time:

```shell

> kubectl-cnpg backup cluster-example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl cnpg backup cluster-example
```

> ### Requesting a new backup
> 
> The `kubectl cnpg backup` request a new backup for an existing CloudNativePG
> cluster by creating a Backup resource.
> 
> The following command will request a backup for a given cluster:
> 
> ```shell
> kubectl cnpg backup [cluster_name]
> ```
> 
> The created backup will be named after the request time:
> 
> ```shell
> kubectl-cnpg backup cluster-example
> backup/cluster-example-20230121002300 created
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Requesting a new base backup

The `kubectl cnpg backup` command requests a new physical base backup for
an existing Postgres cluster by creating a new on-demand `Backup` resource.

The following example requests an on-demand backup for a given cluster:

```shell
kubectl cnpg backup [cluster_name]
```

The created backup will be named after the request time:

```shell
kubectl cnpg backup cluster-example
backup/cluster-example-20230121002300 created
```
```
